//Evaluating predicate logic statements on a toy domain
//Suppose we have the following toy domain of people with the following characteristics:

Bob, age 10, lives in Kansas, has siblings, has brown hair
Jane, age 25, lives in Delaware, has no siblings, has blonde hair
Alice, age 66, lives in Kansas, has siblings, has gray hair
Joe, age 50, lives in Nebraska, has siblings, has black hair
Now suppose that we have the following predicates for individuals in our domain:

Ad(x): whether person x is an adult (adults are age 18 and older)
KS(x): whether person x lives in Kansas
Sib(x): whether person x has siblings
Red(x): whether person x has red hair

∀ x Ad(x)
This proposition translates as, "All people are adults". This is false for our domain, as we have one person (Bob) who is not an adult.


∀ x ¬Ad(x)
This proposition translates as, "All people are not adults". This is false for our domain, as we have three people (Jane, Alice, and Joe) are are adults.


¬(∀ x Ad(x))
This proposition translates as, "Not all people are adults". This is true for our domain, as we can find a person (Bob) who is not an adult.


∀ x (KS(x) → Sib(x))
This proposition translates as, "Everyone who lives in Kansas has siblings". This is true for our domain, as we have two people who live in Kansas (Bob and Alice), and both of them have siblings.


∃ x (¬KS(x) ∧ Sib(x))
This proposition translates as, "There is a person who doesn't live in Kansas and has siblings". This is true for our domain, as Joe lives in Nebraska and has siblings.


¬(∃ x (KS(x) ∧ ¬Ad(x))
This proposition translates as, "There does not exist a person who lives in Kansas and is not an adult". This is false for our domain, as Bob lives in Kansas and is not an adult.


¬(∃ x (Sib(x) ∧ Red(x))
This proposition translates as, "There does not exist a person with siblings who has red hair". This is true for our domain, as no one with siblings (Bob, Alice, or Joe) has red hair.


∀ x (Red(x) → Sib(x))
This proposition translates as, "All people with red hair have siblings". This is true for our domain, as no one has red hair. This means that the implies statement is vacuously true for every person (since `Red(x)` is false for each person), which makes the overall proposition true.


∀ x (KS(x) ∨ Sib(x))
This proposition translates as, "Everyone lives in Kansas and/or has siblings". This is false for our domain -- there is one person, Jane, who doesn't live in Kansas and also doesn't have siblings.
